c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AirTrafficController\AirTrafficController\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\cutrepainticon.xnb
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AirTrafficController\AirTrafficController\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\AirTrafficController.exe
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AirTrafficController\AirTrafficController\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\AirTrafficController.pdb
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AirTrafficController\AirTrafficController\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AirTrafficController\AirTrafficController\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AirTrafficController\AirTrafficController\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AirTrafficController\AirTrafficController\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AirTrafficController\AirTrafficController\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AirTrafficController\AirTrafficController\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AirTrafficController\AirTrafficController\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AirTrafficController\AirTrafficController\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AirTrafficController\AirTrafficController\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AirTrafficController\AirTrafficController\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AirTrafficController\AirTrafficController\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AirTrafficController\AirTrafficController\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AirTrafficController\AirTrafficController\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AirTrafficController\AirTrafficController\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AirTrafficController\AirTrafficController\obj\x86\Debug\AirTrafficController.exe
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AirTrafficController\AirTrafficController\obj\x86\Debug\AirTrafficController.pdb
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AirTrafficController\AirTrafficController\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\AirTrafficController.exe.manifest
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AirTrafficController\AirTrafficController\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\AirTrafficController.application
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AirTrafficController\AirTrafficController\obj\x86\Debug\AirTrafficController.exe.manifest
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AirTrafficController\AirTrafficController\obj\x86\Debug\AirTrafficController.application
C:\Users\Alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AirTrafficController\AirTrafficController\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\defaultFont.xnb
C:\Users\Alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AirTrafficController\AirTrafficController\obj\x86\Debug\AirTrafficController.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AirTrafficController\AirTrafficController\obj\x86\Debug\AirTrafficController.menuForm.resources
C:\Users\Alex\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AirTrafficController\AirTrafficController\obj\x86\Debug\AirTrafficController.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\airTrafficController\AirTrafficController\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\cutrepainticon.xnb
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\airTrafficController\AirTrafficController\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\defaultFont.xnb
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\airTrafficController\AirTrafficController\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\AirTrafficController.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\airTrafficController\AirTrafficController\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\AirTrafficController.application
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\airTrafficController\AirTrafficController\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\AirTrafficController.exe
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\airTrafficController\AirTrafficController\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\AirTrafficController.pdb
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\airTrafficController\AirTrafficController\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\airTrafficController\AirTrafficController\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\airTrafficController\AirTrafficController\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\airTrafficController\AirTrafficController\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\airTrafficController\AirTrafficController\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\airTrafficController\AirTrafficController\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\airTrafficController\AirTrafficController\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\airTrafficController\AirTrafficController\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\airTrafficController\AirTrafficController\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\airTrafficController\AirTrafficController\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\airTrafficController\AirTrafficController\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\airTrafficController\AirTrafficController\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\airTrafficController\AirTrafficController\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\airTrafficController\AirTrafficController\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\airTrafficController\AirTrafficController\obj\x86\Debug\AirTrafficController.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\airTrafficController\AirTrafficController\obj\x86\Debug\AirTrafficController.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\airTrafficController\AirTrafficController\obj\x86\Debug\AirTrafficController.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\airTrafficController\AirTrafficController\obj\x86\Debug\AirTrafficController.application
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\airTrafficController\AirTrafficController\obj\x86\Debug\AirTrafficController.exe
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\airTrafficController\AirTrafficController\obj\x86\Debug\AirTrafficController.pdb
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\airTrafficController\AirTrafficController\obj\x86\Debug\AirTrafficController.forms.menuForm.resources
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\airTrafficController\AirTrafficController\obj\x86\Debug\AirTrafficController.forms.newAirplaneForm.resources
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\GitHub\airTrafficController\AirTrafficController\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\AirbusA380.xnb
